Universal Declaration of Human Rights

The original have been retrieved from the OHCHR web site:
http://www.ohchr.org/EN/UDHR/Pages/Introduction.aspx

The Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) is a milestone
document in the history of human rights. Drafted by representatives
with different legal and cultural backgrounds from all regions of the
world, the Declaration was proclaimed by the United Nations General
Assembly in Paris on 10 December 1948 General Assembly resolution 217
A (III) as a common standard of achievements for all peoples and all
nations. It sets out, for the first time, fundamental human rights to
be universally protected.

Translations contain no distinction between languages and dialects
since all of them serve the purpose of global dissemination. At
present, there are 360 different translations of UDHR, available in
PDF format. Text can be extracted from 298 of the translations (The
rest are mostly messy scans of handwritten documents). Text format
translations contain 11446 characters on average (5064 – 42210
characters).


pdf/ 			original pdf files downloaded from the UN website.
txt/ 			text extracted from pdf files with pdftotext (UTF-8).
languages.txt 	        language codes and names

This dataset has been retreived on 2021-10-21 from
http://research.ics.aalto.fi/cog/data/udhr/.

Tommi Vatanen, Jaakko J. Väyrynen and Sami Virpioja (2010) Language
identification of short text segments with n-gram models. In Proceedings of the
Seventh International Conference on Language Resources and Evaluation
(LREC'10), pages 3423-3430. European Language Resources Association (ELRA).
